README.md, before:

# Comment Module Codewell Challenge

- [Challenge Page Link](https://www.codewell.cc/challenges/608bc18ee0984a001540d7a6)


## Welcome to Codewell! 👋

Codewell's aim is to provide you with real-world design templates that you can use to practice your HTML and CSS projects. 

Free or paid, all templates are high quality and will make great portfolio pieces.

### I've completed the challenge, now what?

We recommend using one of these two websites to deploy your projects

- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)

They're super easy to setup and you should have your website up and running in no time, just follow their instructions.


### Submit your solution to Codewell

Visit the relevant challenge on [Codewell](https://codewell.cc) and click on 'Submit Solution' right under the challenge.
Enter all the title, Github repo URL, Live URL (Netlify or GH Pages), and tell the community what challenges you've faced.

### Join our community on Slack

If you want more real-time communication, you can visit our community on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/codewell-hq/shared_invite/zt-ni8c9g8h-gNYWrmqQ3Uh37dcLg9~LMQ). 


### Fonts Used

https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Rubik

Commit message:

Bootstrap Vue3 app from Vue CLI

README.md, after:

# Comment Module

Design taken from the [Comment Module Codewell challenge](https://www.codewell.cc/challenges/608bc18ee0984a001540d7a6).

This project was bootstrapped with the [Vue CLI](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/installation.html#cli).


## Project setup
```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
npm serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).


## Welcome to Codewell! 👋

Codewell's aim is to provide you with real-world design templates that you can use to practice your HTML and CSS projects. 

Free or paid, all templates are high quality and will make great portfolio pieces.

### I've completed the challenge, now what?

We recommend using one of these two websites to deploy your projects

- [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)

They're super easy to setup and you should have your website up and running in no time, just follow their instructions.


### Submit your solution to Codewell

Visit the relevant challenge on [Codewell](https://codewell.cc) and click on 'Submit Solution' right under the challenge.
Enter all the title, Github repo URL, Live URL (Netlify or GH Pages), and tell the community what challenges you've faced.

### Join our community on Slack

If you want more real-time communication, you can visit our community on [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/codewell-hq/shared_invite/zt-ni8c9g8h-gNYWrmqQ3Uh37dcLg9~LMQ). 


### Fonts Used

https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Rubik
